Added documentation on device application CMAKE (#2224)
Azure/azure-iot-sdk-c: iothub_client/readme.md

<a name="samples"></a>

## CMake

> The C device SDK uses [CMake](https://cmake.org/) for compiler independent configuration and generates native makefiles and workspaces that can be used in the compiler environment of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The C device SDK uses [CMake](https://cmake.org/) for compiler independent configuration and generates native build files and workspaces that can be used in the compiler environment of your choice.
```
